[expo-dev-menu] Add documentation (#10287)
expo/expo: packages/expo-dev-menu/README.md

                action: clearNSUserDefaultsOnPress
            )

            clearNSUserDefaults.label = { "Clear NSUserDefaults" } // This string will be displayed in the dev menu.
            clearNSUserDefaults.glyphName = { "delete" } // This is a icon name used to present your action. You can use any icon from the `MaterialCommunityIcons`.
            clearNSUserDefaults.importance = DevMenuItem.ImportanceHigh // This value tells the dev-menu in which order the actions should be rendered.
            clearNSUserDefaults.registerKeyCommand(input: "p", modifiers: .command) // You can associate key commend with your action.

            // Return created object. Note: you can register multiple actions if you want.
            return [clearNSUserDefaults]
        }
     }
     ```

      </details>

After all those steps you should see something like this:

![Final result](custom_dev_menu_extension_example.png)

# 📚 API

```js
import * as DevMenu from 'expo-dev-menu';
```

For now, the `DevMenu` module exports only one method - [`openMenu`](#openmenu).

### openMenu()

Opens the dev menu.

#### Example

> Using this method you can create a simple button that will open the `dev-menu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this method you can open the dev menu from your JS code whenever you want. It does nothing when the dev menu is not available (i.e. in release mode).
Below you can find an example of opening the dev menu on button press:
```
